then click with a shot from the
beginning of motion picture history
Hollywood has tried to show you what the
afterlife is really like good afternoon
and welcome to judgment city you have
any idea what's going on now well in a
nutshell you're here to defend your life
and I'm going to help you
end my life finally Wow the first true
story of what happens after you die
where am I is this heaven no it is never
is it hell actually there is no hell
although I hear Los Angeles is getting
pretty close they would ever tell you
you carry yourself very stiff load leave
me alone I'm dead that's life Albert
Brooks you make me think of my little
poodle Maisie barrel streets I think I
might have been a heavyset man at one
time ha ha Rip Torn Lee grant buck Henry
in a new film by Albert Brooks so I'm on
trial for being afraid first of all I
don't like to fall into trial psycho
ball yes
if you see one movie before you die this
is damn exciting stuff see defending
your life oh sweet love it
vomit makes nauseous don't worry about